Clarify staging repository READMEs (#133570)
kubernetes/kubernetes: staging/src/k8s.io/api/README.md

> > ⚠️ **This is a [staging repository](https://git.k8s.io/kubernetes/staging#external-repository-staging-area) for Kubernetes**.  

Reviewer: "staging" or "staged" ?  or "auto-published"?

Author: ... good question, I guess "staged" would be the right term from our docs, but "auto-published" might be more obvious. Maybe both:
```suggestion
> ⚠️ **This is an automatically published [staged repository](https://git.k8s.io/kubernetes/staging#external-repository-staging-area) for Kubernetes**.  
```

Author: or:
```suggestion
> ⚠️ **This is a read-only automatically published [staged repository](https://git.k8s.io/kubernetes/staging#external-repository-staging-area) for Kubernetes**. 
```

Wordy, but hammers the point that this isn't a normal repo, is automatically published, and won't be accepting PRs directly ...
